Adding UniFi WLAN Password sensor (#32078)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/unifi.markdown

Get entities reporting the current state of a UniFi Network device.

### WLAN Password sensor

> Provides the current password for a specific WLAN. This sensor allows users to retrieve the WLAN password for various purposes, such as sharing with guests or configuring devices manually.

Reviewer: I would like to clarify that this is more suggested as a fallback when the QR code is not applicable

Author: Check my adjusted version.

> Provides the current password for a specific WLAN configured in a UniFi Network device. This sensor allows users to retrieve the WLAN password for various purposes, such as sharing with guests or configuring devices manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides the current password for a specific WLAN. This sensor allows users to retrieve the WLAN password for various purposes, such as sharing with guests or configuring devices manually.
```
WLANs doesn't have any direct relation to a device

> Provides the current password for a specific WLAN. This sensor serves as a fallback option for retrieving the WLAN password when the QR code is not applicable. It allows users to access the password for various purposes, such as sharing with guests or configuring devices manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides the current password for a specific WLAN. It allows users to access the password for various purposes, such as sharing with guests or configuring devices manually. As this exposes the password in clear text it is only recommended to utilize this in scenarios where the QR Code is not sufficient. 
```
